{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Profile Summary**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Data engineer and machine learning practitioner with a strong track record of building scalable data pipelines, source-of-truth reporting systems, and production-ready ML infrastructure. Experienced in designing and maintaining robust ETL workflows, developing analytics-ready data models using SQL, dbt, and Fivetran, and supporting cross-functional teams with clean, reliable data. Skilled in CI/CD practices, version control, and deploying containerized systems using Docker and GitHub Actions. Complementing a strong foundation in data engineering, I also bring expertise in applied machine learning and AI\'97particularly in PyTorch, CUDA, NLP, and transformer models. I\'92ve developed and deployed ML systems for classification, clustering, and reinforcement learning, with hands-on experience building end-to-end MLOps pipelines and performance monitoring frameworks. Currently pursuing a Master\'92s in Computer Science with a focus on AI, MLOps, and data infrastructure, I\'92m passionate about solving real-world problems at the intersection of engineering and intelligence\'97bridging data systems and ML models to create tools that drive business impact and improve decision-making.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Testimonials**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Danial Jameel (CEO, Saris AI): \'93Jake was an indispensable part of the early team\'85 a level 5 leader whose contributions can\'92t be overstated.\'94 Nicholas Capobianco (Sales Manager): \'93Jake\'92s mentorship shaped my leadership\'85 helped my team grow in their skill sets.\'94 Marissa Rocha (VP Revenue): \'93Jake brings positivity, grit, and high team impact\'85 a huge asset in a startup environment.\'94 Jungle Jake: \'93Jake blends determination, EQ, leadership, and creativity. A steady, top-performing communicator and teammate.\'94
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Project: Ms. Pac-Man as a Reinforcement Learning Testbed**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Ms. Pac-Man is a complex RL environment balancing dynamic rewards and threats. The agent learns to optimize strategies through various RL architectures. Key RL Concepts: Reward Mapping, Exploration vs Exploitation, Temporal Learning (DQN, DDQN, LSTM), Dynamic Environment Adaptation. Models Used: Double DQN, Prioritized Dueling DDQN, Rainbow DQN (Noisy Nets, N-Step, Distributional DQN), Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO). Training Enhancements: Reward Shaping, N-Step Scaling, Risk Scaling. Results: PPO performed best. No model cleared full level (likely due to short 10K episode training). Future: longer training, vision transformers.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Certifications**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Salesforce Certified Administrator, dbt Certification.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Skills**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Data Engineering: ETL workflows, dbt, Fivetran, SQL (CTEs, window functions), PowerBI. Machine Learning: PyTorch, CUDA, classification, clustering, reinforcement learning. MLOps: CI/CD, Docker, GitHub Actions, Prometheus, Grafana. Analytics & Reporting: Source-of-truth architecture, dashboarding, KPIs. Version Control: Git, modular design, testing frameworks. AI Technologies: NLP, Transformer models, Deep RL. Tools & Platforms: Salesforce, LangChain, Gradio, OpenAI Gymnasium, MongoDB.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Contact Information**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Machine Learning professional with expertise in PyTorch, CUDA, Transformers, and NLP. Pursuing a Master\'92s in AI, specializing in deep reinforcement learning, generative AI, and MLOps. Experienced in scalable machine learning systems, and bridging research-driven models with business applications. Lifelong learner and caring teammate.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Education**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 WORCESTER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE (completing in 2026). Master of Science in Computer Science, AI track. Courses: Generative AI (PyTorch), Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning (PyTorch, CUDA, OpenAI Gymnasium), MLOps (Langchain, Docker, Gradio), Systems & Network Programming (C/C++). Projects: GPU-accelerated RL models using PyTorch and CUDA: Pac-Man (Rainbow DQN, PPO); GitHub; Report; Atari Breakout - Score: 300.22; GitHub. Deployed a machine learning application with a containerized pipeline on Docker with Prometheus + Grafana monitoring for model performance and reliability; GitHub. UNIVERSITY OF WATERLOO. Advanced Diploma in Data Science and Machine Learning. Projects: Custom CNN for Image Classification Project file. Report; Recommendations for a Modern Data Stack. MCGILL UNIVERSITY. Bachelor of Business Administration.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 #### **Experience**
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 Jan 2020 - Aug 2024. GUIKER. Manager, Analytics Engineering & RevOps | May 2023 - Aug 2024. Skills: data strategy, product design, leadership; version control (Git); PyTorch; machine learning. Owned and optimized the organization\'92s data strategy and ETL pipelines, providing actionable insights to technical and non-technical teams. Collaborated cross-functionally to develop self-serve data products, improving decision-making and operational efficiency. Implemented software development best practices (version control, CI/CD, modular design) to enhance data accuracy and productivity. Built complex SQL queries using CTEs and window functions to support key performance metrics. Established coding standards, documentation, and testing practices across the data team. Mentored a Revenue Operations Specialist in technical and strategic growth areas. Led a cost optimization project using K-means clustering, cutting marketing costs by 50% while maintaining lead volume. Analytics Engineer | Aug 2022 - May 2023. Skills: SQL, NoSQL (Mongo), ETL (dbt, Fivetran), visualization (PowerBI). Built dynamic PowerBI dashboards to visualize business-critical KPIs and inform executive decisions. Designed ETL pipelines using dbt and Fivetran, improving data access and reliability. Wrote performant SQL queries and created ad-hoc reports to address key business questions and support cross-functional initiatives. Revenue Operations | Jan 2020 - Aug 2022. Skills: GTM leadership; Salesforce CRM architecture (Certified Administrator ID 21485247). Oversaw outbound sales efforts; revenue strategy; CRM admin. Managed outbound sales operations, revenue processes, and Salesforce CRM administration. Built and optimized GTM strategies, driving $800K in monthly pipeline for a new proptech product. Set up a centralized Salesforce data platform as the company\'92s primary source of truth. Supported a team of 10 in outbound sales processes and operational analytics. Feb 2016 - Nov 2019. BUS.COM (YC W2016). Rideshare Lead. Skills: data-driven go-to-market; relationship building; strategic selling. Led analytics-driven strategies in new business, retention, and operations for the rideshare division from seed to Series B. Increased department revenue from $50K to $2M annually. Collaborated with technical and business teams to align analytics across sales, operations, and customer success, delivering a seamless client experience with a churn <1%. Secured strategic partnerships with marquee clients, including Coachella and Live Nation.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}